Improve releasing docs (#850)
geojupyter/jupytergis: docs/contributor_guide/how-tos/release.md

  :::{danger}
  **Specifying a version part (e.g. `minor` or `patch`) for "New Version Specifier" will
  cause Step 2 to fail.**

  Read below for more important information about the version specifier.
  :::

### Version specifier

Ensure you understand the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org) version part
definitions ("major", "minor", "patch") before selecting a version.

:::{important}
Because this project is currently in early development (pre-1.0), we **do not bump the
major version number**.

This means that **even breaking changes are minor version bumps**.

See [the SemVer FAQ](https://semver.org/#how-should-i-deal-with-revisions-in-the-0yz-initial-development-phase) for more details.
:::

## Step 1b: Review changelog

**This step will make the release notes more readable for end-users.**

- Visit the new [GitHub "draft" release](https://github.com/geojupyter/jupytergis/releases) created in Step 1a.
- Edit the release text to fix any typos and make other edits for end-user
  accessibility.
  - Remove any bot-created PRs, for example pre-commit hook updates or dependabot PRs.
  - Remove any bots from the contributor list.

>   - Edit text for readability by end-users where appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Edit the text to improve readability for end-users where appropriate.
```

Reviewer: I think its ok the other way too.

Author: This is a great change, thanks :)

Author: Woops I had auto-merge on so this didn't go in.
